Tech/update templates (#1114)
MaibornWolff/codecharta: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Cool, that you are interested in contributing. We like pull request and suggestions from everyone.

If you are planning in making a major contribution we appreciate your opening an issue or contacting [us](mailto:codecharta@github.com).

> Some things that will increase the chance of that your pull request to be accepted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Things that increase the chance that a pull request will be accepted:
```

- Write clean code.
- Write tests for your new code and regression tests after fixing a bug.
- Write a good commit message and include the issue number at the end `#123`.

> - Code for Analysis sub-project only in Java and Kotlin languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

That seems rather obvious?

Author: Totally. That line actually confused me and I wasn't sure if I misunderstood something lol

- Update the CHANGELOG.md with any changes/additions made

> We will _NOT_ accept any pull requests that don't follow the Contributor Covenant [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is bound by a [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```

## Naming conventions

### Branching

Branch names consist of a type and the describing branch name itself, which is always **lowercase** separated by **dashes**.
It follows this structure `<type>/<issue-id>/<name>`.
For more detailed information check out the source [Branch Types by CKSource](https://docs.ckeditor.com/ckeditor5/latest/framework/guides/contributing/git-commit-message-convention.html)

| Types       | Changelog | Description                                        |
| ----------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `feature`   | yes       | New feature I add or expand                        |

> | `bug`       | yes       | Bug fix                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fix`       | yes       | Bug fix                                            |
```

Author: it was `bugfix` before but we prefix our branches with `bug` all the time.

With this change all developers need to adjust in the future.

Reviewer: I hope you mainly fix things and do not introduce bugs instead :P

Author: can't argue with that one

| `docs`      | yes       | Updated documentation                              |
| `codestyle` | no        | Our beloved code style improvements / refactorings |
| `tech`      | no        | Other kinds of technical changes                   |

> | `revert`    | no        | Revert of some commit                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `revert`    | yes        | Revert of some commit                              |
```

I suggest to mention this as it could be substantial.

Examples:

- `feature/123/add-settings-option-xyz`

> - `bug/124/solve-unecpected-settings-errors`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fix/124/solve-unecpected-settings-errors`
```

  > If applied, this commit will ...

> #### Correct commits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Good commit messages
```

- ... Add new function to do X #123
- ... Add test for X #123
- ... Refactor subsystem X for readability #123
- ... Update getting started documentation #123
- ... Remove deprecated methods #123

#### Wrong commits

- _adding new function to do X for Y_ #123
- _added service X_ #123
- _adds tests for X_ #123
- _fixed bug with Y_ #123
- _changing behavior of Y_ #123
- _more fixes for broken stuff_ #123

> - _sweet new API methods_ #123

Reviewer: Are the negative examples actually required? I suggest to remove them?

Author: I thought it was quite helpful actually.

Reviewer: Alright, if you prefer to keep them.
